Doc reviewed by Localization (#1851)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/localization/faststore-versions-and-support-levels.md

title: "FastStore versions and support levels"
---

FastStore has two main versions: FastStore v1 and FastStore v2+. This document outlines the key differences between these versions, their support levels, and guidelines for upgrading.

## FastStore v1

> [FastStore v1](https://v1.faststore.dev/docs) was the first version of the framework. While it served as the foundation for FastStore, it's no longer actively maintained. We recommend using the latest version for new projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FastStore v1](https://v1.faststore.dev/docs) was the first version of the framework. While it served as the foundation for FastStore, it's no longer actively maintained. New projects must use the latest version of FastStore.
```

## FastStore v2+

FastStore v2+ is the latest and most advanced version of the storefront solution. It encompasses all versions starting from v2 and introduces major improvements over FastStore v1, such as:

- **Simplified updates:** Stores are monitored for version updates with minimal friction, including automatic non-critical updates and a more efficient integration process.
- **Separation of VTEX-managed code and store customizations:** Clear segmentation between VTEX and custom code to help in the debug process.

> - **CMS-first approach:** A headless CMS manages content updates (texts, images, links) while behavioral and UI component changes remain code-based, ensuring a structured workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CMS-first approach:** Headless CMS manages content updates (texts, images, links) while behavioral and UI component changes remain code-based, ensuring a structured workflow.
```

Reviewer: Headless CMS is the name of the product.

> - **Optimized performance and quality monitoring:** Ongoing performance tracking with proactive safeguards to prevent deployments that don’t meet Lighthouse or internal quality standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Optimized performance and quality monitoring:** Ongoing performance tracking with proactive safeguards to prevent deployments that don’t meet Lighthouse and quality standards.
```

- **Semantic versioning:** FastStore v2+ uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for managing releases:

>   - **Majors:** Introduce extensive changes, including incompatible API updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Majors:** Introduce breaking changes, including incompatible API updates.
```

Reviewer: Breaking changes is a common name to use.
